in today's episode of hell theory with
cynthia Pasquale garcia
we talked about her near suicide the
importance of suffering getting to the
emotional root of your health problems
and how to battle depression everybody
welcome to hell theory
today's guest is cynthia escuela garcia
she is a best-selling author celebrity
nutritionist and transformation expert
who takes in deeply individualized and
personal approach to health and wellness
and she's built her extraordinary career
by helping people realize that there's a
gap between knowing what to do and
actually doing it and cynthia that's
where i want to start like the the whole
notion of change or die sure and that
when presented with the option to change
or die what percentage of people choose
die it's a huge percentage I mean it's
above 80 percent there's been a couple
of different studies that have been done
on this around asking this question from
people with you know diseases lifestyle
diseases diabetes those types of things
that can completely be prevented but
when asked to either change or die they
don't change
it's fascinating I'm sure you know
people I know people same thing they get
in that situation and they're unable to
do it talk to me about fear like what is
it that makes change terrifying on that
level that they would rather coast into
diamond then you know actually shake
things up and make that change you know
there are very clear reasons that we
have for doing the things that we do and
there's also very clear reasons but
maybe not obvious as to why we simply
won't change you know one of the things
that I've been fascinated with since I
began my career is why do you know what
to do but still won't do it right and
people say oh oh I I want to lose weight
I want to get healthy I want to be
successful I want to do all of these
things but then we see them not taking
the simple steps to actually make that
possible and what we're talking about
tom is such a bigger conversation there
are such deep-rooted issues and
deep-rooted event
and deep-rooted pains and traumas within
us that it's not as simple as do this
and then you'll be skinny do this and
then you'll be successful it really runs
much deeper than that transformation
gets thrown around a lot and I love the
definition the way you Krishnamurti
defined it he said when you begin to
understand what you are without trying
to change it then what you are undergoes
a transformation so what he's saying is
you know don't seek to just disregard
everything that you've been through and
what's got you here where you are now
because it's what we try to do right we
just try to take a new Road don't
disregard that but instead try to
understand it try to understand who you
are as opposed to trying to just be
different because when you can
understand who you are and why you are
that way that's where transformation
happens and then once you understand
that peace change is is so much easier
all right let's walk through that so one
thing that you've sort of made a
manifesto about that I think is
incredibly powerful is you said I'm
tired of just being on a show on another
podcast talking about theory I'm only
interested in things that become
actionable right so I love that how do
people go about that process of saying
Who am I like how what is is it an
excavation process is it a turning
inward meditation like what what what
are the mechanistic steps people can go
through right to figure that out so we
have to go back to where this all really
started right where did we actually lose
touch with who we are like why don't we
know who we are why don't we know the
things that bring us happiness and joy I
actually was working with a client one
time as an example she was in her early
50s had always supported her husband and
sons career I'm having this coaching
session with her and I said look
tomorrow morning you're going to wake up
nothing is going to stand in your way
you're going to live the life that you
want to live you're going to do what you
want to do in the world you can have any
experience like it the thing that really
lights you up that brings you joy that
brings you passion what is that and she
lowered her head and she started sobbing
she looks at me with tears just
streaming down her face and said I have
no idea now the crazy thing is that's
not a random case I've seen that happen
in hundreds if not thousands of people
over the years we don't know who we are
so here's how I believe that happens so
we're born and we're these perfect
little babies and it's a really great
situation you know you want something
you cry and people give it to you like
that doesn't work today I've tried but
it's really powerful when we're young
right but then something starts to
happen we start to get older and we
start to kind of come into ourselves and
our personalities and our bodies and
we'll run and we'll yell and we'll
scream you've seen kids are completely
uninhibited but then we start to hear
the message you're being to this you're
being to that so what we begin to hear
is that there's something wrong with me
I am inherently flawed and typically
this comes from our parents right now
they may not be meaning to do this but
they're essentially letting you know
that the way you are is not okay so we
think okay if I want to survive I need
to be accepted I need to be different if
I want my mother and father's love I
need to be accepted so we start to kind
of fall in line you know and we start to
change who we are and this is only
perpetuated as we get older you know
through the media through society
through shoulds you know we're told that
you should you know go to school every
day and get good grades so you can get
into a good college and we're expected
to get that great job and the perfect
man and have the 2.5 kids and you know
be a rock star in the boardroom and a
porn star in the bedroom and look like a
Barbie doll while doing it
now that's not even the crazy part the
crazy part is we buy into that and we
say yeah that's what I need to do and we
become so busy trying to be who they say
we should be that we forget who we are
and we completely lose track of that so
now what's happened is we've created all
of these voids right because parts of us
are missing it's like you have a house
with all of these rooms in it and you
just start closing the door and you have
no idea what's in that room anymore
so if I'm
going back and I'm opening these doors
and I'm looking at things and I'm sure
some of it is going to be beautiful
stuff that I've forgotten that I love
that I found joy in and some of it is
going to be painful and trauma that I
haven't wanted to look at or think about
yeah what is that what does the process
of acceptance look like I want people to
understand how you started in diet and
nutrition and realize that this was a
component that had to be dealt with
in order for that all to make sense so
where does that all come full circle as
we try to reintegrate these parts of
ourselves I have a confession to make to
you I was never interested in nutrition
I could not have cared less about health
I didn't know a protein from a carb and
I didn't care I thought people were so
silly for talking about those things
right until I had my own health struggle
so and I think that happens for a lot of
us right so I was actually here in Los
Angeles that was a model and a
television host and I was living this
crazy crazy lifestyle you know I was
essentially partying all night and
working all day and just pounding the
pavement auditions that whole thing I
was doing to really numb out from my own
past traumas and my own past pains but
it all caught up with me really quickly
I ended up being about 30 pounds
overweight cellulite in places I know
you could get it I had cystic acne all
along my jawline my chest my back my
hair was breaking and falling out I was
exhausted from mourning tonight I could
sleep a 20-hour night and still be so
tired I suffered from short-term memory
loss I was finally diagnosed with
chronic fatigue syndrome and a lot of
other we don't know what's wrong with
you so I tried everything I mean I tried
every diet
I tried prescription medications I did
energy healing I was hypnotized I popped
the pills I drank the shakes and nothing
worked so I was clinically depressed by
this time and I remember I got up one
morning and I thought maybe today is the
day I'm just going to start feeling
better so I get in the shower and I find
a lump in my left breast
and of course you know I'll be
for the other found a lump and I I
haven't ever known what it's like to
just have no thoughts in your mind
because my mind is always racing until
then and I remember I just sunk to the
floor in the shower where the water is
still coming and I just wrapped my arms
around myself and I just started rocking
just back and forth just back and forth
like much like you'd rock a child and I
don't know how long I sit there but I
remember the water being cold and I'm
shivering
so I got out to put a towel around me
and I just said and I just stared at the
wall for hours and the day turned into
afternoon turned into evening about this
time it was wee hours of the morning and
I was done
I was done Tom I had tried everything I
just I couldn't do it any longer I
wasn't upset I was just done and I
decided to take my own life and I'm
sitting in the corner and I have a diet
dr. pepper on one side of me and handful
of pills and I was on my way out and I
thought you know what they can't say I
didn't try
they can't say I didn't give it a good
shot I had been struggling my entire
life you know I grew up in a home that
was filled with domestic abuse we were
very very poor like I remember not
having food to eat and having to go to
bed hungry there was a lot of drug and
alcohol abuse in the home lots of
strangers around all hours day and night
and I was sexually abused from a very
young age multiple times so I had been
fighting so hard for my entire life
I lost loved one after loved one from
suicide a random car accident so you
name it so that night sitting there
after just feeling like I've been
fighting for my entire life I was just
so sick of fighting and I felt hopeless
and I felt worthless and I felt useless
and I thought I'm done that's it I'm out
and the more I came to terms with that
and I'm sitting there I started to get
angry I was angry at the people that I
went to for help
who didn't help me I was angry at myself
for getting in that place and I was
angry at God I was like why why me you
know why that's my entire life been a
struggle been a fight like why and the
more I kept saying why me why me why me
and I'm in just this other state of mind
it was just I mean call it whatever you
want you know a divine download I come
to Jesus moment whatever you want to
call it and I just heard this voice say
it's happening for you not to you and it
was like someone turned on the lights in
that moment and I understood that I was
supposed to go through this that it was
all for a reason that this was part of
my journey and that it wasn't supposed
to be over yet and that was a big deal
you know and I thought I meant to do
something really great look coming from
someone who had been told my entire life
you you are worthless you will never
amount to anything for me to think that
was huge right there I got up left the
dr. pepper put the pills down and I went
to my computer and I hopped on Google
and I searched for nutrition programs
because I thought well if I'm going to
figure this out
I should probably understand the
difference between a protein in the car
what made you start there that's so
surprising
I felt very broken and my mind felt very
broken I mean think about living with a
mind that tries to murder you every day
and how that would feel so I knew that
in order to fix that and to heal this
that this had to be in alignment that I
had to have the strength that had the
energy I had to be functioning enough to
be able to take that next step so it was
really about laying the foundation so
you start going down the diet route what
were some of the early wins I know that
you landed on what I think is the
absolute truth of nutrition which is
that it's insanely individualized so how
did you break through some of the really
dogmatic paradigms that would have been
in place 14 years ago yeah get past that
to actually get into what worked yeah
well
trial and error okay what does work for
me and it was really about trying things
to be honest with you I think we see
people and we say oh that that guy had a
great transformation that girl had a
great transform me so I'm going to do
what they're doing and unfortunately it
doesn't always work like that because as
you said it is highly personalized but
the problem with that a lot of diet
books out there I wrote one right and
they are a cookie cutter and so what
happens is if they don't work for
someone then that person starts to feel
like I knew it I'm a failure it's my
fault I'm never going to change I'm
hopeless I'm worthless you know so it's
tough it's it's not an easy conversation
and it's not an easy kind of road to
navigate yeah that's how I know that
we're really getting to the truth of it
and hearing you talk about diet and your
approach to working with your clients it
rings so true to me in terms of alright
we've got this complex animal here
that's going through a lot and I think
in as the science continues to come out
we're gonna see that there's just an
inter mingled totally intertwined
connection between the body and the mind
and walk me through what struggles you
had early in the journey that made you
realize just understanding the biology
just understanding macronutrients it's
not actually helping me right and that
there's a deeper thing that I have to
deal with here so I think that unique
intersection you're you're uniquely
gifted at getting that across to people
it's based on my own journey and that of
clients so once I started going back to
school and started learning you know the
basics I am trained in traditional
clinical and nutrition right so that's
where I started and you can write out a
plan it can be a great diet or meal plan
but then we don't follow it and I
thought why why why wouldn't we have all
of the answers but if information was
all we needed then we'd all be you know
what healthy and thin and successful and
have great relationships and great sex
and all of those things right we'd be
done so it was clear to me that it was
more than that so why do we know what to
do and still
do it one of the things that I looked at
was why do we self-sabotage you know
well we don't think we're worthy well
why don't we think we're worthy because
we were taught that at a young age well
when were we taught that and how did
that happen
right so I started looking at beliefs
that we have here's what I believe a
belief is I created an equation it's
three e's it's the event that happened
to you the emotion that you felt and the
explanation that you gave it that equals
a belief right so really simple example
you come home and you have your report
card and tell me you have not done so
well it is it is not pretty so your
parents sit you down and they say you
know what time you got to do better than
this you know we expect more of you if
you're going to get a good job and
you're going to build a good life for
yourself this has to change the event
was just the conversation you felt
emotions now emotions those bad girls
are the key right because it's emotions
that where you start to embody your
trauma your emotions is where you feel
your emotions or what trigger the
biological reactions right we start to
create these neurological pathways we
also do something called we have a
negativity bias which means we're
trained to believe the worst and then
we'll spend the rest of our lives
looking for evidence to back it up right
so then there's the explanation and
that's the explanation that you gave it
because it didn't have any until you
made one up based on the event that
happened and the emotions that you felt
in that moment so your explanation might
be I'm not good enough my parents don't
love me they think I'm stupid I am
stupid I'm not smart I'll never amount
to anything I'm not meant to be
successful I can't get good grades right
all of these explanations so what you
what you have to start doing is going
back to where these beliefs first formed
right and you have to start dismantling
this equation and you start with
refilling the emotions revisiting the
explanation and then saying what other
explanation can I give it right give it
any explanation you know what your
parents just wanted the best for you
they wanted you to have a good life it
wasn't about how intelligent you were
capable you were they just wanted what
was best so you let go of that
explanation well now what emotions do
you feel
probably better right probably love and
ingratitude for having parents that
cared enough to sit you down and have
this conversation so now all that's left
is the event in the event doesn't equal
a belief so now you no longer have this
belief so now you no longer sabotage
your results and your progress so is
that something that you focus on a lot
with working with your clients to do the
or play that I wonder why game yeah so
what exactly is it and how do people
leverage that for those moments of
self-awareness sure so it's not easy to
just say hey go back to the earliest
time that you felt worthless and tell me
about that you know it's um it's not
that simple
it's very scary I mean you have to
remember that for many of us this was
very traumatizing these were very
painful moments in our past and so most
of us has been our entire adult lives
trying to numb those feelings right and
so what I thought was well we have to
have a really non-threatening simple
approach that anyone could do so I
taught my clients to play the I wonder
game I wonder just wonder I wonder right
and it just sort of started naturally
when I was would be coaching I would say
I wonder why you feel that I I wonder I
wonder when that's happened to you
before I wonder when there's been
another time that you felt this way I
wonder what the earlier moment was when
you felt that way and all you do is
wonder and what that allows you to do is
without trying to find fault without
beating yourself up without looking at
maybe ways that which you've been wrong
it allows you just to go back right to
go inward we spend so much time going
outside of ourselves to other people and
things looking for the answers when we
have everything we need right here
so you just say I wonder you know and
this could be used for anything Tom gosh
I I got so angry when that person kept
me off in traffic
I wonder what did that trigger deeper
well it triggered this is a recent
incident that person doesn't respect me
mm-hmm I wonder I wonder what else you
fell
like people didn't respect you right
well I remember being young and I
remember people talking over me as if I
didn't matter but I did and I had
something to say and I felt irrelevant
so what that allows you to do is to step
out of yourself to step out of your
emotions to step out of the current
situation at the struggle that you might
find yourself in and really become the
observer
you're just the observer of you you
don't need to take it personally you
don't need to really dig your heels in
and feel justified in your beliefs it's
not even about that you just need to
wonder so in that process obviously
people going to encounter a lot of
things where so-and-so did this they
wronged me whatever and now it's kicking
back up a lot of emotional things from
when they grew up you've talked about
how to deal with that how to process it
let it go what does that process look
like well you start with the beliefs
equation you know because our beliefs
really do determine our outcome but
there's a lot of pain you know when
you've carried this around for a really
really long time there's a process of
forgiveness that has to be done holding
a grudge is like drinking poison and
hoping the other person dies you know
it's never going to really work out for
you it's really interesting I find it
fascinating how much of this stuff comes
back to childhood as somebody who just
really wants to believe that you're
eternally malleable individuals is
pretty fascinating how much people are a
impacted by their childhood and be
somewhat blind to how malleable that is
in terms of framing right that they
could look back review it go through the
process you're talking about it sure
look at it anew and in giving it that
new meaning they can begin to really
form new beliefs a new worldview that
allows them to move forward in a more
powerful way but often they don't they
get stuck in that and what I want to
talk about is self-worth it's really
really interesting how deeply people
struggle with that so walk me through
how do people get a grip on their
self-worth and you know what plays into
that yeah so it really is over time not
overnight when I was on my own healing
journey I went to a coach and she said
and you know I poured my heart
Tom I was like just sobbing and she said
I have all the answers and I thought all
right yes you know and she said you just
have to love yourself I don't think I've
ever wanted to harm another human as
much as I did in that moment and I
thought we'll gosh thanks we make it
seem like it can happen just like that
it goes back to understanding yourself
you can't love something that you don't
understand and that's where spirituality
really comes into play so what I do is
called transformation or nutrition and
there's three pillars to that so
transformation or nutrition is the study
of human health and wellness on multiple
levels including the biological the
psychological and the spiritual areas of
life and when I say spirituality I don't
mean religion even though it could
certainly be religion for you but what
I'm talking about is connection and
there's really three pillars that we
study at the Institute and that is you
know your personal spirituality communal
spirituality and environmental
spirituality so personal spirituality is
about you it's about your connection to
yourself it's about understanding who
you are where you came from the truth of
that telling your story accepting your
story right not trying to change it not
trying to numb out but then there is you
know communal spirituality and that's
our relationships with others this is
huge I always say if you want to
understand or just get a quick snapshot
of someone's health ask them about their
relationships it's a direct correlation
every single time so how how healthy
your relationships are is how healthy
you are as a person right it's all just
an outer reflection of what's going on
on the inside so you know creating
spiritual partnerships with people gary
zhukov coined the term spiritual
partners and you know he says friends
don't want to rock the boat
and spiritual partners turn the boat
over to help you learn how to swim and
then there's environmental which is you
know the connection with the earth the
connection with something bigger than
you whatever that is for you it's really
about embodying all three
we of those so again you start to
understand who you are and why you're
here and you start to connect and
explore and dive deeper right that's the
hard work you know diets are easy this
is where it gets a little messy that is
really interesting I love that because
everybody thinks about the diet is a
hard part I want to give this up I don't
want to like eat less or whatever why
don't you want to give it up why don't
you want to eat less I wonder why I
wonder that you've also talked about the
whole notion of that sometimes you need
to let people feel pain yeah well
because it's part of their journey and
who are you to take that away from them
we go through pain in order to prepare
us to step into our power and what I
believe is that everything that happens
to you is just setting you up and
preparing you for what's to come very
early on in my coaching career I just
wanted to make people feel better right
because we get uncomfortable when people
don't feel good around us Oh Tom you
know it's it wasn't your fault you did
everything right you know it's they
don't even know they don't even know who
you are like you're the best like those
are our friends right and our spiritual
partners will let you be in pain and
they'll say I wonder why you're hurting
I'm sorry you're hurting and I wonder if
there's something deeper for you here's
the interesting thing about pain you may
know this do you know how long an
emotion lasts for 90 seconds 90 seconds
that's it that's as long as an emotion
lasts now when I first heard that I was
like there's no way that's true cuz I
have been on the floor solving for hours
I know pain lasts longer but it doesn't
the thing that keeps it going is the
stories we tell ourselves right and
that's why we don't like to feel pain
because it's not constructive pain it's
not helpful paint
it's just suffering right but when you
can help people to see that this is for
a reason and if you can take advantage
of that you can turn your deepest
darkest pain and shame into your
greatest power do you have techniques or
anything that you used
like really facilitate the the journey
so there's this thing that I like to
call whitespace we often react to things
something happens you react something
happens you react
it's just instantaneously but when you
can just take a deep breath and sort of
zoom out and become the observer and
think Oh what is this triggering right I
wonder back to I wonder you can do this
with food you can do with anything I
wonder why this is happening then it
creates this white space right and at
first it's a little tiny sliver a little
tiny amount of light but it's enough and
in that sliver of white space then you
can decide do I react or do I respond
and here's the thing there's no right
answer right
I mean yell at the person eat the
doughnut scarf down the piece of
whatever that might be the wrong
decision for people but it's it was
perfect for you in that moment right
it's always perfect because you made
that choice after being the observer and
thinking consciously about it now what
happens is the more you do that then the
longer the white space gets and you
start to really embody your power right
that's where empowering really comes
from it's not about willpower it's about
finding your power and this is how you
do that I think about this a lot because
people write in to me everyday like they
have some dream there's something they
want to do yeah and they're willing to
pour themselves into it yeah and the
only words I've been able to come up
with are the struggle is guaranteed the
success is not and so love the struggle
right but like what advice do you have
for somebody like one I know that you
want them to feel that pain sure but do
you tell them like it's you need to take
action you need to be active in the role
of growing so that when the next thing
comes along that you're ready for it
like what does that look like it's kind
of the opposite of that it's more about
relaxing into it and not taking action
it's really about letting go of your
attachment because that's where the
suffering is right we talked a lot about
pain and we talked a lot about suffering
it comes in a lot of ways from holding
on to something so strong
we're just so unwilling to let go that
it keeps us it keeps us stagnant it
keeps us where we are and we can't grow
and we can't evolve and we can't see the
next better thing down the road when
we're just stuck here you know being
upset that things didn't work out the
way we wanted them to work out and look
letting go is not easy it's something
that I still deal with so when we can
start letting go of those attachments
the suffering starts to fade the mind
starts to open the heart starts to open
and we'll start to see opportunities and
possibilities that we would have been
completely blind to before listening to
you talk is so surreal because I'm
sitting here thinking that you were one
handful of pills and a swill of diet dr.
pepper away from not going through this
and learning all of this and in putting
it together I mean it's really pretty
extraordinary but what I love is that
you've talked about how depression is an
ongoing thing it's something that you
still deal with what do you do to deal
with that what advice do you have for
people because I know a lot of people in
my community struggle deeply with
depression yeah and I'd love to know
like what what you've learned about the
ongoing maintenance of that situation I
used to believe that I was broken
hopelessly broken and now I realize that
the breaks or how the light gets in I
think that as tough as it is dealing
with depression again something where
your your mind tries to murder you is so
different than anything I've ever
experienced and I also think that it can
be empowering because I feel like if we
can really open to that darkness and if
we can be in it and try to understand
why and then come through it every time
we come through it every time I come
through it I am so much stronger for the
next time and the next time and the next
time
and one tool I have and this is from my
husband I remember I was going through
this really dark moment and you know the
darkness is so heavy and so thick and
I've had people say well just cheer up
but I'm not sad
you understand I'm depressed I'm not sad
those are two totally different things
I can feel sadness sometimes but that's
not depression and so I remember I was
in this one night and my husband was
there holding my hand like a good
spiritual partner would do and he said
just find the pinhole of light because I
kept saying it's so dark and he said
find the pinhole of light just the one
thing just a one tiny little thing that
you can focus on in that moment and in
that moment it was my daughter and she
was my life she was that tiny little
pinhole of life so whatever whenever you
find yourself in that situation whatever
you can grasp whatever you can hold on
to whatever that one tiny little light
that one glimmer of hope is find it and
hold on for dear life you know that
that's really what it's about the other
thing that I do is take mental health
days really practice self-care when it
comes to your mental health nutrition is
so key you know we talked about the
omega-3 use all of those things it's so
important to your mental health really
feeding your soul right feeding your
heart discovering what it is that you're
really hungry for and allowing yourself
to consume that allowing that to nourish
you is really powerful practical things
art therapy actually made a huge
painting it sits in my bedroom it's just
this black heavy circles of paint and in
the middle is one tiny point of light
see if you can get ahead of it and most
of us don't do this and I'm guilty of it
too I wait until the darkness settles in
because I'm too busy I don't have time
for that
you know and I'm time to go sit and
meditate some have time to do a piece of
art every week you know but that's
that's really making a struggle harder
for me because then when it does hit and
just blindsided mmm
yeah all right talk to me a little bit
about nutrition where do you start
somebody they come to you they want to
transform and obviously we've talked a
lot about the emotional side so where do
you begin just sort of as a general rule
with food yeah where you start where
they are right you meet them where they
are I think that's really important
sometimes they're here and we want to
start here so I think that's really key
you have to take baby steps I'm a firm
believer that the way you create
permanent change is to do it again over
time not overnight like I like to do
swaps with people right I'll trade you
the diet dr. pepper for a sparkling
flavored water right maybe some hint
sparkling water or something like that
so you start with those baby steps and
you have to give people early wins I
think that's really critical the other
thing that and we teaches at the
Institute that that I really focus on is
co-creating protocols with your clients
right because here's the thing when we
just give someone a plan or we give them
a diet book or we give them whatever we
will go along with it you know from
Monday until about Wednesday afternoon
and then we're done because something
happens right there's an argument with
your significant other your boss is just
you know giving you a hard time at work
whatever the case might be and then
you're done right see this is where and
this is where I hear willpower I don't
have any willpower it's not about
willpower you have to stop taking away
their power in the first place and
giving that back to them you see when
people have input into what happens and
to what they eat into the workouts that
they do into the lifestyle that they
live they're way more likely to stick
with that than just following orders
from someone right again we're teaching
them to go in to find their own
solutions we just I just educate them
you know I give them options and then I
let them choose and I support them on
that journey all right before I ask my
last question tell these guys where they
can find you online yeah so my website
Cynthia Telecom and all the social links
are there and then on transformation or
nutrition com to learn more about the
Institute in this whole process of
nutrition that's amazing
all right my last question if you were
gonna have people make one change that
would have the biggest impact on their
life what change would you have to make
I I would help them discover what
they're really hungry for because until
you understand that until you understand
what it is that feeds you which is very
different than what feeds me the food
the diets the workout they're never
going to quite have the effect that you
want
you're never just because you're skinny
doesn't mean you're gonna be happy right
just because you're healthy doesn't mean
you're going to be happy just because
you're wealthy doesn't mean your life is
going to be fully together and you're
gonna be filled with bliss every day it
doesn't work that way the only way
you're going to feel that hunger is by
understanding what it is that you're
really hungry for and then nourishing
yourself with that daily Cynthia thank
you thank you so much for coming on the
show that was absolutely amazing guys
this is one of the most unique
approaches to health and wellness
I have ever come across in my life and I
have spent a lot of time in the health
and wellness space but somebody that is
really at the forefront of looking at
the whole human looking at why we eat
the way that we looking at why there are
certain things that we really don't want
to give up and understanding that and
being recursive and going inside
yourself and giving people the tools to
deal with that and how to understand
that and bridging the gap between your
relationship with food your relationship
with yourself and your relationship with
other people it's absolutely
extraordinary and doing it through the
lens of not only the science and the
psychology but the spirituality and
bringing that all together it is it is
truly a 360 degree approach to wellness
to understanding yourself and really
being able to grow and I loved it when
she said that that's why we're here that
we're all here to learn and grow and
push ourselves and when you start coming
at food from that angle and when you
understand your health and nutrition
from that angle of you trying to
facilitate that growth you're trying to
be in that yourself and push yourself to
want more to experience the pain to be
around people that aren't just trying to
rescue from that so that you really can
step into yourself and open those doors
back up and you
house it's really amazing you guys will
enjoy diving into her world
I promise because it would be so
impactful in your life so be sure to go
deep alright guys if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe and until next time
my friends the legendary take care thank
you guys so much for watching and being
a part of this community if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe you're
gonna get weekly videos on building a
growth mindset cultivating grit and
unlocking your full potential